batches: Change git diffstat to (added, deleted) from (added, modified, deleted) (#40454)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- File links in both the search results and the blob sidebar and now prefetched on hover or focus. [#40354](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/40354) [#41420](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/41420)
- Negation support for the search predicates `-repo:has.path()` and `-repo:has.content()`. [#40283](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/40283)
- Experimental clientside OpenTelemetry can now be enabled with `"observability.client": { "openTelemetry": "/-/debug/otlp" }`, which sends OpenTelemetry to the new [bundled OpenTelemetry Collector](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/observability/opentelemetry). [#37907](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/37907)

> - DiffStats no longer return the changed/modified field. Only `added` and `deleted` fields are returned when displaying Diffs. [#40454](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/40454)

Reviewer: Idk what audience we're writing our changelog for, exactly, but to me this feels a bit too low-level implementation-detail-y as a communication about the change. What about something like:

```suggestion
- File diff stats are now characterized by 2 figures: lines added and lines removed. Previously, a 3rd figure for lines modified was also used. This is represented by the fields on the `DiffStat` type on the GraphQL API. [#40454](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/40454)
```
